so you probably think it to yourself why
is this guy jumping up and downs back
once because I'm doing it super prepare
for awesomeness that's never happened on
YouTube before so I hear people giving
away ps3 look at what more whoa check
this down execute that one just thumbs
up the video he's all yours kid ticket
shit but don't worry I Sydney's free
photo parts at transform your ID card
crafted to mash potato this fish isn't
dead he just doesn't move
that's pretty fucking awesome if you ask
me I'm given to one lucky subscriber
are you missing a kitty in your life
well this little shit machine can be
yours if you favorite this video
do it now don't you Doki Doki oh that's
right I've given away my dog too tonight
Kevin puts the in a bitch oh my god
that's not everything look it's coming
on my pants and the hard drive good God
now you have a place to store your music
maybe for prey call this puppet this
rare cotton blanket made from trained
monkey holy shit Batman Oh what you only
step up my game but you got it how about
the side pad will that make you pee your
pants how bout these guitars I don't
need to play anymore oh hello are you
calling on behalf of me being fucking
awesome if he thumbs up this video
you'll get laid I also throw my Jacky an
ATV I promise sit on the couch and stare
at the fucking wall hey buddy you in a
new car but guess what's fucking behind
me a brand new car and it's all yours if
you just favorite this video this is
crazy this is insane
I can't even believe I'm throwing this
contest but I am told my subscribers and
that's not everything I've given away my
goddamn pal this shit banana
sit that's all you have to do this is
the greatest YouTube contest forever
ever
[Music]
just messing around I'm not giving away
shit